hello thank you for being with us this
it's a real opportunity do not leave it
pass this video is directed 100% to
all the people who are looking for
a great opportunity to acquire
a land in nicaragua to an incredible
price it was time to have your
own terrain but before showing you
what is it about I want to make you some
questions have you noticed that the
prices of a notification fluctuate
between 20 and 50 dollars the square yard
when a super price you imagine yourself
acquire land at the price of only 8
hours 8 dollars the square yard something
incredible and still with the documentation
in order
knows the importance of momentum is
say the right time to get
the best price studies show that
buy a land in a notification
before being urbanized it allows you
save 30% of the value of the lot in
summary the first ones who buy pay
less today I want to present you a new
notification which is located in the
kilometer 23 highway beyond which
they have access for people have
from Managua to Masaya by the kilometer 23
and people have more of Granada
there they can access so the
building
and most importantly the benefits more
important aspects of this new notification
in the price we do not even talk about 50 40 and
30 to speak is the square rod we speak
of 8 dollars per square yard other
very important are the broad
of 800 and 900 for squares which you
will allow to build a broad property
and still have for an extension
future
another very important point is access
all access from the highway more
there until the lot is 100%
cobbled which allows an access
fast towards notification
summarizing the prices of the lots
of eight hundred square yards 6 thousand 400
dollars lots of 900 square yards
to 7 thousand 200 dollars
something very important one of the
fundamental benefits
we will be financing the first
five people who reserve their lots
up to 12 months without interest on 40
percent of the lot value is to say a
premium of 60 percent and the rest and 40
percent can pay it to 12 months
no interest
to make a summary of the
direct financing
Remember, it's only for five people
for one of 800 varas the bonus would be
three thousand 840 dollars and later
they would pay twelve installments of 213 dollars
monthly with an interest of 0 per
cent with some unique closing costs
of $ 50 in batches of 900 rods
would be a premium of 4 thousand 320 dollars and
they would pay 12 installments of 240 dollars for 12
months equal without interest and with 50
closing costs dollars remember
this is a great opportunity that
you must
to take advantage of
and summarizing that the most important thing is
the large batches of 800 900 rods
square to 8 dollars the square yard
an excellent price that is a price that
we will be keeping introduction
for the first five people who
book the location kilometer 23
road beyond we will be
financing the first five people
up to 12 months without interest all
basic services are easy faxing
access what I want to invite you is to
coordinate a visit to the numbers in
screen or write us the mail
also inviting you to put your name and
your email in the form below this
video to get you a video on
I live from the notification so that you
look from the comfort of your
computer make you arrive
in detail the information that you
I just mentioned sending you a
Notification plan simply
you must put down this video your
name and your mail and we will be
making
and